README.md, before:

# ComicMerge

## Description

This is a simple tool that allows you to merge multiple .cbz files into a single .cbz file.

## Usage

    usage: comicmerge_cmd.py [-h] [-v] [-r start end] OUTPUT_FILE
    
    Merge multiple cbz files into one.
    
    positional arguments:
      OUTPUT_FILE           Name of the .cbz file to be created
    
    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -v, --verbose         More information as to the merging progress
      -r start end, --range start end
                            Specified by the format X-Y. Only the Xth to Yth comic
                            in the folder will be merged into the output file. If
                            multiple ranges are specified, OUTPUT_FILE will take
                            the format OUTPUT_FILE-1, OUTPUT_FILE-2...`

This script will ostensibly work on Linux, Mac, and Windows, but it has only been tested on Windows.

## License

This project is licensed under the BSD license. For more information, check out LICENSE.md.

Commit message:

Updated script to be able to pass in a prefix to grab comics.

README.md, after:

# ComicMerge

## Description

This is a simple tool that allows you to merge multiple .cbz files into a single .cbz file.

## Usage

    usage: python comicmerge_cmd.py [-h] [-v] [-p PREFIX] [-r start end] OUTPUT_FILE
    
    Merge multiple cbz files into one.
    
    positional arguments:
      OUTPUT_FILE           Name of the .cbz file to be created
    
    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -v, --verbose         More information as to the merging progress
      -p PREFIX, --prefix PREFIX
                            Prefix to restrict comics to
      -r start end, --range start end
                            Specified by the format X Y. Only the Xth to Yth comic
                            in the folder will be merged into the output file.
                            Counting starts at 1. The range is inclusive.

This script will ostensibly work on Linux, Mac, and Windows, but it has only been tested on Windows.

## License

This project is licensed under the BSD license. For more information, check out LICENSE.md.
